= true-random
Get true random numbers from RANDOM.ORG.

= Description
Use the true random number service of RANDOM.ORG. The randomness comes from
atmospheric noise, which for many purposes is better than the pseudo-random
number algorithms typically used in computer programs.


=Installation
==From the command line.
  gem install true-random

==Using Gemfile.

1 Add to your application Gemfile
  gem 'true-random'

2 Type
  bundle install

=Important note!
To access RANDOM.ORG via an automated client, please make sure you observe the Guidelines for Automated Clients
(http://www.random.org/clients/) or your computer may be banned.

=Usage
==Integer Generator
  rnd = TrueRandom::Random.new
  puts rnd.integer

Parameters
  n     The number of integers requested. 1 by default.
  min   The smallest value allowed for each integer. 1 by default.
  max   The largest value allowed for each integer. 100 by default.
  base  The base that will be used to print the numbers, i.e., binary, octal, decimal or hexadecimal. Possible values are  2, 8, 10 or 16. 10 by default.

The same example with full parameters
  rnd = TrueRandom::Random.new
  puts rnd.integer 1, 2, 100, 10

==Quota Checker
The Quota Checker allows you to examine your quota at any point in time. The
quota system works on the basis of IP addresses. Each IP address has a base
quota of 1,000,000 bits. When your client makes a request for random numbers
(or strings, etc.), the server deducts the number of bits it took to satisfy
your request from the quota associated with your client's IP address.

  rnd = TrueRandom::Random.new
  puts rnd.quota

You can request for certain IP.

  rnd = TrueRandom::Random.new
  puts rnd.quota 'n.n.n.n'

n.n.n.n is the IP address for which you wish to examine the quota. Each value
for n should be an integer in the [0,255] interval. This parameter is optional.
If you leave it out, it defaults to the IP address of the machine from which
you are issuing the request.

